send_transaction (#8789)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/developers/tutorials/a-developers-guide-to-ethereum-part-one/index.md

```python
In [12]: w3.eth.get_balance(w3.eth.accounts[0])
Out[12]: 999996999979000000000000

In [13]: w3.eth.get_balance(w3.eth.accounts[1])
Out[13]: 1000003000000000000000000
```

> The latter looks good! The balance went from 1,000,000 to 1,000,003 ether. But what happened to the first account? It appears to have lost slightly more than three ether. Alas, nothing in life is free, and using the Ethereum public network requires that you compensate your peers for their supporting role. A small transaction fee was deducted from the account making the transaction to the tune of 21000 gwei.

Reviewer: agree the original needed updating, but think replacing with an explanation of the gas fee calculation is better than replacing the value.

```suggestion
The latter looks good! The balance went from 1,000,000 to 1,000,003 ether. But what happened to the first account? It appears to have lost slightly more than three ether. Alas, nothing in life is free, and using the Ethereum public network requires that you compensate your peers for their supporting role. A small transaction fee was deducted from the account that submitted the transaction - this fee is the amount of gas burned (21000 units of gas for an ETH transfer) multiplied by a base fee that varies according to network activity plus a tip that goes to the validator that includes the transaction in a block.

More on [gas](https://ethereum.org/en/developers/docs/gas/#post-london)
```
